Wild West was pretty well tamed by 1930
I saw one just like it
Waco hey fight you know what I hear I
hear they take our little scenes up
north chicken fly ah that was a balloon
you damn no food no their old man's
right they got motor wings go 60 miles
in less than an hour driven to the
border by the irresistible thrust of
civilization were the remnants of the
breed that had made the West wild if
they move kill him the payrolls are
harder to get act
the army rode the railroad man
[Music]
but there was still a few trails for the
kind who'd be cold before they were
tamed they called them the Wild Bunch
I get better gentlemen of principle he
still had a principle anybody we're
gonna stick together just like it used
to be when you side with a man you stay
with him and if you can't do that you're
like some animal you're finished Dutch
had dug for gold
he gave up diggings how many cases did
you take from the Train
16 cases of rifles we lost one on the
trail he stole it
[Music]
Barton should have been a lawyer he
always argued champagne we ordered sites
have been a gunman in his day he still
had the gun we gotta get him back how
Gorch had been trying for years
sometimes he almost worked up to normal
I want to need my fiance
[Applause]
[Music]